It could be someone else. Is it you?
It's really not me. Why did I need that car?
Not you. It could also be your accomplice.
My buddies were all killed. He blew himself up.
Then why are you robbing. Who told you I was going to rob?
Not a robbery. Why are you cooperating with the driver to stop?
Of course I have my own things to do. cycle several times.
All because of the explosion. So what you were trying to do didn't work, right?
How could I still be here if I succeeded?
Then let's work together. How to cooperate.
You tell me what you want to do first.
I didn't get in the car.
To explain a person who goes first
The male Boss Ma is right behind him
Why don't you know him?
He lied to us
Talk about specific examples
Too many people and too many jobs
Go to my place and talk
before us
I got a shareholder with continuous value
Boss Ma wants to do it
Just send someone to trade with us, who knows?
He turned over the shareholders
So you guys know Boss Ma
Just to let him take over the main shareholders
Return it to you
The man behind me
If you were a big boss
Why do we need to take a bus?
Can't you drive by yourself?
I've been investigating him for a long time
His lover outside is pregnant
Afraid of being discovered
So I had to arrange it in the countryside.
If he drives by himself
If the target is too big, it will explode easily.
I can only take this train.
Then since you want to cooperate with Boss Ma
Next time the bear is ruthless
Wouldn't it be over if we just tied him up?
But you have to do me a favor